Update readme (#2)
DevExpress-Examples/xaf-how-to-implement-dependent-views-in-a-dashboardview-filter-based-on-selection: Readme.md

## Implementation Details
1. Add a new [ViewController](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.ViewController) to the **YourSolutionName.Module** project. For more information, refer to the following file: [DashboardFilterController.cs](./CS/EFCore/DependentDashboardEF/DependentDashboardEF.Module/Controllers/DashboardFilterController.cs).

> 2. In the `OnActivated` method, retrieve `DashboardViewItems` via the `FindItem` method. Also, subscribe to the `ControlCreated` event of a `DashboardViewItem` whose `ListView` is used to filter data (hereinafter referred to as `SourceView`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the `OnActivated` method, retrieve `DashboardViewItems` via the `FindItem` method, and subscribe to the `ControlCreated` event of a `DashboardViewItem` whose `ListView` is used to filter data (hereinafter referred to as `SourceView`).
```

4. In the `ControlCreated` event handler retrieve the `SourceView` via the [DashboardViewItem.InnerView](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.Editors.DashboardViewItem.InnerView?p=netframework) property and subscribe to its [SelectionChanged](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.View.SelectionChanged?p=netframework) event.

> 5. In the `SelectionChanged` event handler, retrieve the View to be filtered (hereinafter referred to as `TargetView`) in the same manner as in the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the `SelectionChanged` event handler, retrieve the View to be filtered (hereinafter referred to as `TargetView`) in the same way as the previous step.
```

> 6. To get an object to filter on, use the [ListView.CurrentObject](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.ListView.CurrentObject?p=netframework) property. 

Reviewer: `an object to filter on` Please explain what this means

Author: Hi Dirk. I was trying to say, `to get an object that is used for filtering`. Can we rephrase this sentence in the following way?

```suggestion
6. To get an object that is used for filtering, use the [ListView.CurrentObject](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.ListView.CurrentObject?p=netframework) property. 
```

Reviewer: Reads better now, thanks

> 6. To get an object to filter on, use the [ListView.CurrentObject](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.ListView.CurrentObject?p=netframework) property. This object must be loaded from `SourceView` Object Space to `TargetView` Object Space via the `GetObject` method.

Reviewer 2: To get an object to filter on, use the <a href="https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.[View.SelectedObjects](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.View.SelectedObjects)">View.SelectedObjects</a> property. (the second sentence can be removed)

Author: ```suggestion
6. To get an object to filter on, use the [ListView.CurrentObject](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.ListView.CurrentObject?p=netframework) property. 
```

> 7. Now you can add `CriteriaOperator` to the [TargetView.CollectionSource.Criteria](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.CollectionSourceBase.Criteria?p=netframework) dictionary to filter the `TargetView`. In this example, we created a `InOperator` to filter the **AssignedTo** column via objects from `SourceView`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. You can now add `CriteriaOperator` to the [TargetView.CollectionSource.Criteria](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.CollectionSourceBase.Criteria?p=netframework) dictionary to filter the `TargetView`. In this example, we created an `InOperator` that uses `SourceView` objects to filter the **AssignedTo** column.
```

> 7. Now you can add `CriteriaOperator` to the [TargetView.CollectionSource.Criteria](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.CollectionSourceBase.Criteria?p=netframework) dictionary to filter the `TargetView`. In this example, we created a `InOperator` to filter the **Position** column via objects from `SourceView`.

Reviewer 2: to filter the 'AssignedTo' column via objects...

Author: ```suggestion
7. Now you can add `CriteriaOperator` to the [TargetView.CollectionSource.Criteria](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/DevExpress.ExpressApp.CollectionSourceBase.Criteria?p=netframework) dictionary to filter the `TargetView`. In this example, we created a `InOperator` to filter the **AssignedTo** column via objects from `SourceView`.
```
